add system setting (#2033)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-explorer/system-settings.md

# System settings

This topic introduces the system settings of NebulaGraph Explorer, including global settings and custom settings.

## Global settings

Global settings include the language settings, beta functions, and canvas query limit.

Language settings: switch the interface language, supporting Chinese and English.

> Beta functions: switch for beta features. Currently, beta features include [workflow](workflow/workflows.md) and [view schema](db-management/10.create-schema.md).

Reviewer: switch on/off?

> Beta functions: switch for beta features. Currently, beta features include [workflow](workflow/workflows.md) and [view schema](db-management/10.create-schema.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Beta functions: switch on/off for beta features. Currently, beta features include [workflow](workflow/workflows.md) and [view schema](db-management/10.create-schema.md).
```

Canvas query limit: the maximum number of query results for vertices and edges displayed on the canvas.

  !!! note

        It is recommended to limit the number of vertices and edges displayed on the canvas to no more than 5000 in 2D mode, otherwise, it may stuck when rendering.

## Custom settings

Custom settings include the product logo, login page logo, and product name settings.

> Product logo: supports uploading images as the logo on the top left corner of the main page.
> Login page logo: supports uploading images as the logo on the login page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product logo: supports uploading an image as the logo on the top left corner of the main page.
Login page logo: supports uploading an image as the logo on the login page.
```
